[PR-11082] Event webhook + site&type params (#161)
talkable/talkable-docs: source/web_hooks/event.rst

     * **subtotal** - order subtotal for the purchase
     * **coupon_code** - unique external identifier of a customer who make the purchase

  *For Event:*

     * **email** - email address associated with the Event
     * **event_category** - identifier of an action that trigger the Event (e.g. ``app_installed``)
     * **event_number** - unique identifier of the Event within the associated **event_category**
     * **customer_id** - unique external identifier of a customer who make the purchase
     * **subtotal** - optional monetary attribute of the Event
     * **coupon_code** - optional coupon code associated with the Event

* **person** - subhash of data describing the person who triggered the event

  * **first_name** — person’s first name
  * **last_name** — person’s last name
  * **email** — person’s email address
  * **username** — person’s username
  * **unsubscribed_at** — date person has unsubscribed
  * **subscribed_at** — date person has subscribed (deprecated; use opted_in_at instead)
  * **opted_in_at** — date person has subscribed
  * **sub_choice** — subscription choice
  * **custom_properties** — hash of person’s custom properties (optional)

.. raw:: html

>    <h2>Sample payload | Event</h2>

Reviewer: No `cURL example | Event` below.

       "coupon_code": "WHT28499",
       "ip_address": "127.0.0.1"
     },
     "person": {
       "first_name": "Bob",
       "last_name": "Smith",
       "email": "referrer@example.com",
       "username": "username",
       "unsubscribed_at": null,
       "subscribed_at": "2019-04-11T07:25:17.272-07:00",
       "opted_in_at": "2019-04-11T07:25:17.272-07:00",
       "sub_choice": true,
       "gender": null
     }
   }

.. raw:: html

   <h2>Sample payload | Purchase</h2>

.. code-block:: javascript

   {
     "origin": {
       "id": 654689661,
       "type": "Purchase",
       "order_number": "426692385",
       "subtotal": 29.39,
       "customer_id": "162638070",
       "order_date": "2019-04-11T07:28:31.258-07:00",
       "coupon_code": "WHT79679",
       "ip_address": "127.0.0.1"
     },
     "person": {
       "first_name": "Bob",
       "last_name": "Smith",
       "email": "referrer@example.com",
       "username": "username",
       "unsubscribed_at": null,
       "subscribed_at": "2019-04-11T07:27:31.258-07:00",
       "opted_in_at": "2019-04-11T07:27:31.258-07:00",
       "sub_choice": true,
       "gender": null
     }
   }

.. raw:: html

>    <h2>cURL example</h2>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   <h2>cURL example | Purchase</h2>
```

or a :ref:`Purchase <integration/custom/integration_components/post_purchase_script>` has been
registered with Talkable.

Use cases for the Event Webhook include:

* Capturing purchases and custom referral events generated by the customer (e.g. added data to profile or renewed a subscription)
* Tracking coupon codes used for purchases
* Using Talkable events to trigger custom workflows (e.g. add a custom property to a customer who just cancelled a subscription)

.. raw:: html

   <h2>When does Talkable call the Event Webhook?</h2>

Talkable calls the Event Webhook any time an Event or a Purchase
is registered either via :ref:`the front-end Talkable integration <advanced_features/events>`
or using the :ref:`Talkable backend API <api_v2/origins>`.

.. raw:: html

   <h2>Payload parameters provided</h2>

* **origin** — subhash of data describing the event that triggered the webhook.

  * **type**

    * *"Purchase"* for purchases.
    * *"Event"* for custom events.

  *For Purchase:*

     * **email** - email address associated with the Purchase
     * **order_number** - unique identifier of the Purchase

>      * **customer_id** - unique external identifier of a customer who make the purchase

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * **customer_id** - unique external identifier of a customer who made the purchase
```

     * **subtotal** - order subtotal for the purchase

>      * **coupon_code** - unique external identifier of a customer who make the purchase

Reviewer: Copy-paste.
```suggestion
     * **coupon_code** - optional coupon code associated with the Purchase
```

  *For Event:*

     * **email** - email address associated with the Event
     * **event_category** - identifier of an action that trigger the Event (e.g. ``app_installed``)
     * **event_number** - unique identifier of the Event within the associated **event_category**

>      * **customer_id** - unique external identifier of a customer who make the purchase

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * **customer_id** - unique external identifier of a customer who made the purchase
```

     * **subtotal** - optional monetary attribute of the Event
     * **coupon_code** - optional coupon code associated with the Event

* **person** - subhash of data describing the person who triggered the event

>   * **first_name** — person’s first name

Reviewer: Make sure to correctly merge this with #160.
@mlisivka added a partial for this: https://github.com/talkable/talkable-docs/pull/160/files#diff-685b018f6ef9f5f47c943fb99be74a2f

       "order_date": "2019-04-11T07:26:17.272-07:00",
       "coupon_code": "WHT28499",
       "ip_address": "127.0.0.1"
     },
     "person": {
       "first_name": "Bob",
       "last_name": "Smith",
       "email": "referrer@example.com",
       "username": "username",
       "unsubscribed_at": null,
       "subscribed_at": "2019-04-11T07:25:17.272-07:00",
       "opted_in_at": "2019-04-11T07:25:17.272-07:00",
       "sub_choice": true
     }
   }

.. raw:: html

   <h2>Sample payload | Purchase</h2>

.. code-block:: javascript

   {
     "origin": {
       "id": 654689661,
       "type": "Purchase",
       "order_number": "426692385",
       "subtotal": 29.39,
       "customer_id": "162638070",
       "order_date": "2019-04-11T07:28:31.258-07:00",
       "coupon_code": "WHT79679",
       "ip_address": "127.0.0.1"
     },
     "person": {
       "first_name": "Bob",
       "last_name": "Smith",
       "email": "referrer@example.com",
       "username": "username",
       "unsubscribed_at": null,
       "subscribed_at": "2019-04-11T07:27:31.258-07:00",
       "opted_in_at": "2019-04-11T07:27:31.258-07:00",
       "sub_choice": true
     }
   }

.. raw:: html

>    <h2>cURL example | Event</h2>

Reviewer: This should come right after `Sample payload | Event`.
See how this is done in `web_hooks/reward.rst` for example.
